Rewrite user manual (#4752)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/user-manual/navigation/katalogus.rst

KAT-alogus
==========

The KAT-alogus (KAT catalog) is the place where you can see which plugins are available, enabled and/or disabled.
Plugins can be common security scanning tools, like nmap (checks which ports are open), or specific tools that check for a CVE vulnerability.
The KAT-alogus also contains all the Normalizers, which parse the data from the tools.

> Each plugin (Boefje and Normalizer) contains more information on how it works and what is required, including the Objects it can search for,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each plugin (Boefje and Normalizer) contains more information on how it works and what is required, including the objects it can search for,
```

and which Objects are required for the plugin to work.

> Before a plugin can run the following two conditions must be met:
> - The Boefje and corresponding Normalizer are enabled. Note: all Normalizers are enabled by default.
> - The clearance level of your object (e.g. hostname or URL) is similar or higher than the required scan level of the enabled plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before a plugin can run the following two conditions must be met:

- The Boefje and corresponding Normalizer are enabled. Note: all Normalizers are enabled by default.
- The clearance level of your object (e.g. hostname or URL) is similar or higher than the required scan level of the enabled plugin.
```
this is now not bulleted

> Before a plugin can run the following two conditions must be met:
> - The Boefje and corresponding Normalizer are enabled. Note: all Normalizers are enabled by default.
> - The clearance level of your object (e.g. hostname or URL) is similar or higher than the required scan level of the enabled plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before a plugin can run the following two conditions must be met:
- The Boefje and corresponding Normalizer are enabled. Note: all Normalizers are enabled by default.
- The clearance level of your object (e.g. hostname or URL) is at least the required scan level of the enabled plugin.
```

KAT-alogus
==========

The KAT-alogus (KAT catalog) is the place where you can see which plugins are available, enabled and/or disabled.
Plugins can be common security scanning tools, like nmap (checks which ports are open), or specific tools that check for a CVE vulnerability.
The KAT-alogus also contains all the Normalizers, which parse the data from the tools.
Each plugin (Boefje and Normalizer) contains more information on how it works and what is required, including the objects it can search for,
and which objects are required for the plugin to work.

Before a plugin can run the following two conditions must be met:

- The Boefje and corresponding Normalizer are enabled. Note: all Normalizers are enabled by default.
- The clearance level of your object (e.g. hostname or URL) is at least the required scan level of the enabled plugin.

> New Boefjes can be added by an administrator in the web interface, or by manually adding an external KAT-alogus in Rocky's config file.

Reviewer 2: This text was already in the previous version, but this is not possible

```suggestion
New Boefjes can be added by an administrator in the web interface.
```
